Create endsWith.md (#3757)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/strings/endsWIth/endsWith.md

---
Title: '.endsWith()'
Description: 'Returns a boolean value representing wether the sequence ends with the specified suffix.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'String'
  - 'Comparison'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.endsWith()`** method will compare the end of the sequence with the given suffix, returning a boolean value representing wether they are the same or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.endsWith()`** method compares the end of the sequence with the given suffix and returns a boolean value indicating whether they are the same or not.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> String.endsWith(suffix)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String.endsWith(suffix: String, ignoreCase: Boolean = false): Boolean
```
Mention the `ignoreCase` parameter. By default, it stays `false`, which means this function is case-sensitive. However, if we want it to be case-insensitive, we can set `ignoreCase` to `true`.

```

`String`: The sequence which the suffix is to be compared with.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No need for space here

> `suffix`: a sequence of length `n`, to be compared with the last `n` elements of `String`.

Reviewer: After this please explain `ignoreCase` too.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

```
Add a space after the heading
